# TSE-Survey-FPM
The studied paper list for False Positive Mitigation approaches.
## Abstract.
Static analysis (SA) tools can generate useful static warnings to reveal the problematic code snippets in software systems without dynamically executing the source code. In the literature, static warnings are of paramount importance because they can easily indicate specific types of software defects in an early stage of a software development process, which accordingly reduces the maintenance costs by a substantial margin. Unfortunately, due to the conservative approximations of SA tools, a large number of false positive (FP for short) warnings (i.e., they do not indicate real bugs) are generated, making the tools less effective. During the past two decades, therefore, many false positive mitigation (FPM for short) approaches have been proposed so that more accurate and critical warnings can be delivered to developers. This survey offers a detailed survey of research achievements on the topic of FPM. Given the collected 118 primary papers, this survey conducts a comprehensive investigation from five different perspectives. First, we analyze the research trends of this field. Second, we classify the existing FPM approaches into five different types and then present the concrete research progress. Third, we analyze the evaluation system applied to examine the performance of the proposed approaches in terms of studied SA tools, evaluation scenarios, and performance indicators, respectively. Fourth, we summarize the four types of empirical studies on related static analysis warnings to exploit the main findings that are helpful to reduce FP warnings. Finally, we sum up 10 challenges unresolved in existing papers from four distinct aspects and outline possible research opportunities based on three emerging techniques in the future.
